- [Instructor] In this chapter, we will shift
our focus to SwaggerHub.
SwaggerHub is a cloud-based development platform
for API design and documentation with open API.
Inside the platform, you will find advanced capabilities
that surround the open-source tools we discussed
in the last chapter.
If you're familiar with the open-source tools
you will easily transition to using SwaggerHub.
The capabilities within SwaggerHub extend or complement
those provided by the open-source tooling.
Many of these capabilities support how teams collaborate
to build and consume APIs.
This is more challenging than building APIs in isolation
because concerns such as reuse and standardization
become more difficult.
SwaggerHub has a feature called domains.
This feature allows object definitions to be reused
across API definitions.
Additionally, SwaggerHub provides a number
of management features surrounding API definitions
such as access restrictions, versioning, and integration
with source control like Git.
These capabilities allow organizations and teams
to secure their API projects and share them selectively
with other collaborators.
SwaggerHub also contains features that speed up development,
such as mocking and virtualization, allowing APIs
to be consumed before an implementation is completed.
Finally, the editor within SwaggerHub provides rich features
such as better auto-completion,
customizations, and validation.
For organizations with large API catalogs, the features
provided by SwaggerHub are extremely beneficial.
The platform increases consistency across APIs
by delivering reusable components and validation,
making API adoption easier for developers.
Similar to version control, it provides
an organized approach to building and releasing APIs
across their life cycle, removing the barriers
that prohibit teams from collaborating.
Finally, API-based development can occur more rapidly
because of the capabilities in SwaggerHub.
The ability to quickly define an API and mock it
allows API developers and consumers to work in parallel.
After finishing this chapter, you will understand
how to leverage these SwaggerHub features to take
your API development to the next level.